[Suspension music starts.]
[Climax of the music.]
[Car arriving.]
This is gonna work.
Is it eighty?
Thank you. Good luck with the writing Mr. McRain.
- Thank you.
I feel inspired already.
[Driver enters car, drives off.]
Get the bags, my muse.
I got the key.
- lt's open.
[Suspension music.]
[Door opens whilst squeaking.]
Hi.
[Screaming.]
Let's go!
[Horror music.]
[Electric noise from tazers.]
[Groaning.]
[Groaning keeps going on and on.
The music stops.]
[A big frustrated yell.]
[Suspension music gets louder.]
Shut up!
[Shotgun reloaded and shot fired.]
[Music stops. Blood splattering.]
[Horror music.]
[The music ends.
Rabbit sniffing.]
[Horror music.]
[Chains rattling while he struggles.]
What is this?
Who are you?
Where am I?
[Slap on the face.]
[Glass clinks.]
What are you doing? Please, don't.
Don't you know who I am?
- You are perfect.
[Horror music climax.]
Sonny.
[Yelling, screaming.]
[Liquid is injected into the body.]
[Yelling. Suspension music.]
[Liquid splattering.
Screaming and crying.]
[Screaming and crying stops.
The music ends.]
[Horror music, suffering in pain.]
[Liquid flowing through veins.
Yelling.]
He's got what it takes.
[Rope breaks. Action music gets louder.]
Iron chain, now!
Quickly! Quickly!
[Chain breaks.]
[A huge yell.]
[Fist punch. Yelling in pain.]
[Fist punch. Opening the ropes.]
[Yelling in pain.]
Hey, what the hell.
[Action music gets louder.]
[Shotgun jams.]
[Heads clash together.]
[Fist punch.]
[Yelling in pain.]
[Action music ends.]
[Yelling in pain.
Horror music.]
[Yelling in pain.]
[Yelling. Underwear ripped.
Horror music climax.]
[A single grunt.
Horror music ends.]
[Horror music. Grumbling.]
Fresh pussy!
[The film's action/horror
theme music starts.]
[The music ends.]
[The creature grunts. Cumming.]
[Swedish electronic dance music (EDM) song.]
Should we go already?
[The EDM on pause.]
I’m gonna warm up Emma this weekend.
- You're a stud if you'll get that pussy.
Dude, I'm going to take that pussy.
[Laughing.]
[Groaning from a room nearby.]
[Masturbating.]
[Door opens.]
What are you doing here? Leave!
- Are you jerking off over Nina's pic?
Get out!
[Clock is ticking in the room.]
Don't tell anyone, please.
What's the problem? Real men jerk off.
- Just remember to lock up the door next time.
Let's get going. We should already be
at Sara and Nina's place.
Take me with you!
You'll get my bug gun and weekly pocket money.
- Sorry, no children allowed to the cabin.
I forgot the disco ball.
- Do we need it?
It's my mojo. I need it.
- I put your shit in the closet.
[Birds singing.]
Jari, why is there an ambulance here?
- I borrowed it from work.
[The same Swedish EDM song
playing from radio.]
[Someone walking to the room.]
[Removing make-up cap]
Hey Emma, could you get me that hairspray?
- No.
[Opening a plastic bottle.]
[Closing the bottle.]
I’m saving for fake boobs.
- Don't be silly.
I just can't be thin and have big boobs
at the same time. That's impossible.
Your tits are perfect.
[Emma slurps her drink.]
[Laughing.]
I love you girl.
[A car approaching slowly.]
[The car stops. The engine is shut down.]
[The women approaching and laughing.]
Guys!
Hey, girls!
What is that ambulance doing here?
- lt's Jari's work car.
Hi, Emma. How you're doing?
- Hi.
How's your Finnish I told you?
- Pull over your lip and swallow.
Nice.
Can I take that bag of yours?
[Adventure music score.]
[The music score ends.]
[Yawning.]
You like my shirt?
- What's the idea of that?
It's a clothing collection designed by Emma.
It got some really nice underwear as well.
[Heavy metal music from the radio.]
[Pulling the handbrake on.]
[A scared yelling.]
[The radio switched off.]
Wanker monkey.
What the hell were you thinking about?
Speak up!
Pussy.
[Laughing.]
Jari also thought of getting pussy.
- Yeah, from Emma.
[Laughing.]
[Knocking. Horror sound effect.]
Hey boys. The girls are waiting.
Let's go. Hop hop.
[Laughing.]
Hello.
- Hello. What can I get you?
What are these meat pies stuffed with?
- They're stuffed with meat.
Hello.
- Hi.
[A Finnish schalger song
playing at the radio.]
Can I see some ID?
- Yeah.
Thank you.
This one.
Take off the respirator mask, please.
[Horror sound effect.]
No.
[A louder part of
the schlager song playing.]
Is there a problem?
[Horror sound effect]
[Suspension music.]
Thank you.
[Suspension music ends.]
Let's go, kiddo.
[Someone is speaking Finnish
on the speaker.]
[A heavy slap.]
[Suspension music.]
[Suspension music ends.]
[Cars approaching.
Squirrel moving quickly.]
[The squirrel making some noise.]
[Suspension music.]
[The lights shut down
with a crackling.]
[Suspension music.]
[A dog barking in the distance.]
[Dog squealling in pain
in the distance.]
[Grunting. A creature approaching woman.]
[Roaring. Woman screams.]
Fresh pussy!
[Horror music. Screaming.]
[Blood splattering.]
[The woman screams in pain.]
[The creature roars.]
[The Woman screaming in panic.]
[Brutal fighting.
Horror music ends.]
Next up, the Swedish Lara Jessica Svensson's
mega hit, -
- ♪1 on the world chart for 18 weeks
and still counting; Du och Jag.
[The same Swedish EDM song
playing at the radio.]
Emma, have you thought about
continuing with the clothing collection?
Maybe I could follow up with a collection
with wieners. That might be interesting.
I love what you're doing and all the boys
have given very positive feedback. -
Really?
- I put few pics on Instagram and -
added several hastags to the posts, -
- What was the Instant Gram?
Emma, you're just so out of this world,
aren't you?
Because he don't know anything about cars.
What's that?
There's two cars.
- Shut it, shut it.
Look! That sucks to break your car
at the middle of nowhere.
Hi! Do you speak English?
- Are you guys OK?
Yeah we just -
The car broke down, and we'd really appreciate
if you could help us find the nearest hotel.
We're in the middle of nowhere,
there are no hotels around.
Yeah.
- Great.
Well, thanks anyway.
- Thanks for nothing.
Hey!
You can stay with us!
OK, deal with it.
It'll be great if you
can lodge us for tonight.
OK.
- Thanks.
OK get them to tow us.
And tie the rope properly.
[Heavy metal song plays on radio.]
Thanks.
[The same heavy metal song
gets louder.]
[The heavy metal music
still playing on the radio.]
Should we have introduce ourselves to them?
Looks like they're coming to the cabin.
I've never shaken hand with a nigger.
Mise, fuck sake.
- What?
Please turn around.
- Bollocks!
We're moving away in wrong direction.
[Suspension music.]
[Door opens.]
What the fuck!
I forgot to warn you,
that door is a one tricky bastard.
[The man's navigator
makes some noises.]
You can put that beer down,
this is till work time.
Lucas you need to learn to relax.
Right now we can't do anything.
Do you wanna loose a few
from your left hand too?
[The man's navigator
makes some noises.]
[Banging from the trunk.]
Who's turn it is?
- Mine.
Well take care of it when we get to
their place. First!
[Banging from the trunk.]
[The man's navigator
makes some noises.]
[Climax of the suspension music.]
[Suspension music ends.]
Hey guys!
Come on!
Deal with it now.
[Suspension music.]
[Suspension music ends.]
Welcome to my uncle's cabin.
Over there is the cabin, -
over there is the sauna.
Over there is the garage.
My name is Tuomas.
- Lucas.
I’m Mise.
Hello.
Hi I'm Tim. How are you man?
- Fine, very fine.
Can I call you Mr. Black?
- Are you looking for trouble?
Maybe later.
But you can call me Mr. White.
Mr. Black and Mr. White.
OK, let's do that then, Mr. White.
Let 's.
You are one crazy fucker aren't you?
- Yes I'm a crazy motherfucker.
[Mise farts.]
I think I can make this one alive.
Really, Mr. White?
Really.
[Mise rises.]
Do you know what we need? Vodka and beer.
- Fuck yeah!
Hey Emma, can you take these, -
can you show to the boys where is
the guest room. -
I'm going to warm up the sauna. Hop hop.
[Cabin door shuts.]
[Grunting and movement from nearby.]
[People walking and talking
outside the bathroom.]
[Opening the zipper.]
[Masturbating.]
[Gasping.]
Try to fit in here. My uncle hasn't
finished this room yet.
This is just fine, thank you.
What about that drink Mr. Black?
- Oh fuck yeah.
Are you coming?
You need to learn
to relax, remember?
You need to learn how
to fuck off, remember?
[Suspension music.]
[Suspension music ends.]
I come along later.
- Right.
Great! Let's go Mr. White!
- Let's go!
Retarded fucking assholes.
[The blonde woman humming.]
[Suspension music.]
What?
- You hit your eyes on that Chinese guy.
[Laughing.]
[Party music.]
Tonight we are going to? -
- Party!
[People talking and laughing nearby.]
That friend of yours was a bit of a prick.
- He's not my friend. -
He's more like an employer.
- Aha.
What about that car, Mr. Black?
- In a minute, Mr. White. First, -
wanna taste something sick?
- That looks like a normal bottle of booze.
Maybe the bottle. But right here,
this is my own shit.
Your own shit?
- This is the best shit you'll ever taste.
Tell you what. When we go to the garage,
and it's just you and me, -
You can taste my shit.
I think we have a deal, Mr. Black.
- Yeah!
Come on, let's go.
[Horror sound effect]
[Loud party music playing.]
How's it going mate?
- Hey.
Hey, I'm Vincent.
- Trust me, you don't wanna handshake me now.
[Suspension music.]
[Growling.]
[Horror music.]
[The horror music turns
to a suspension music.]
[Growling and movement from outside.]
[Louder growling.]
[Opening the door.]
[Yelling.]
[Intensive horror music starts.]
Pussy!
[The creature shouting.]
[The horror music stops.]
Who's gotta bigger digga?
[The creature shouting.]
[Yelling.]
[The horror music continues.]
[Hit by a stick.]
[Yelling.]
[Paw hit on face.]
Pussy!
[The creature shouting.]
[Yelling and shouting.]
[The horror music stops.]
[Finnish rap music playing.]
[People having conversations nearby.]
Well, hi stranger.
- Hi, I'm Vincent.
I’m Sara.
- Nice to meet you Sara.
You too.
- Thanks.
May I thank you for bringing me back here?
- Of course!
You were in the middle of the road,
alone. And -
You are so cute.
- You are so cute.
[Sara and Vincent laughing.]
[Suspension music.]
I like you from here to Helsinki.
- Oh that's very much!
[Sara and Vincent laughing.]
[A horror/action music.]
[The creature shouting.]
[Yelling.]
[The man yells.]
[An odd party music
playing in the cabin.]
Hi there!
[The creature shouting.]
[The horror music starts.]
[The creature growling.]
[The creature sniffing.]
Smells like teen pussy!
[Screaming.]
[The creature shouting.]
[Lights crackling.]
[The horror music stops.]
Fresh pussy!
[The horror music continues.]
[The creature shouting.]
[Screaming.]
[A loud smash.]
[The odd party music
playing in the cabin.]
[Yelling.]
[The creature tearing
the woman apart.]
[The music ends.]
[Knocking.]
More shit, Mr. White?
- Okey.
Well?
- lt's OK.
You don't feel kind of funny?
- No.
This is your third shot. You should be like
in Wonderland or something already.
This ain't my shit!
- lt's not?
Have a look on the backseat,
I should have more shit in there.
[Suspension music.]
Mate stop! What the fuck are you doing?
I said the backseat.
Oh the backseat, OK.
[Opening the car door.]
The trunk was locked.
- Damn right it's locked.
Mr. White. Don't touch the trunk again, OK?
- OK.
[Couching and choking.]
Fuck me!
[Party music coming from the cabin.]
[Suspension music.]
[The squirrel making some noise.]
[Stamping on the squirrel.
The squirrel suffers and dies.]
[The same Swedish EDM
song playing.]
You're so funny.
- You're more funny when you're drunk.
Well? Tell me.
- No.
Come on, tell me.
Just tell me the color of your panties.
- Is that really so important?
I want to know. Show me.
- No! Move!
[Gulp. Coughing.]
I didn't remember this was so strong.
- Perhaps you shouldn't drink anymore.
Are you OK?
Maybe she's not OK.
I'm having a lots of fun, but -
Are you OK?
- Yeah.
You're very quiet.
[Running off. An empty can falls.]
[Vomiting.]
[Horror music.]
[The creature shouting.]
[The people screaming.]
[A ram on tree.]
[The creature shouting.]
[The woman screaming.]
Pussy!
[The woman screaming nearby.]
Fucking sick!
Are you Finnish?
- Yes. Hi, -
I'm Tuomas.
- Julia.
[The creature kills the woman.]
[Dialing out tone.]
[The creature growling and approaching.]
Pussy!
[Party music playing behind the wall.]
[Sara is choking.]
Are you OK?
- No.
I want big boobs.
- What?
Darling, you have the
most beautiful tits.
[Kissing-]
Do you really think so?
- Of course.
What are you doing?
[Sara hiccups.]
Well?
[Heavy breathing.]
They fit my hands perfectly.
-
Solid, nice tits. They are the perfect tits.
Oh sorry!
- lt's OK.
[Sara sighs.]
[Vomiting.]
[Choking.]
[Head knocks.]
[Suspension music.]
[A heavy sliding door is opened.]
[The sliding door closes.]
[The car door opens.]
[The car door closes.]
What?
- We got an alert from Kevätlaakso area.
A real alert, not a reindeer crash or so.
Maybe it was a prank call.
- All alerts must be checked.
There's a giant animal, which is after
the tourists. It has an enormous penis, and -
it speaks English.
- English?
[Sniffing.]
Do you smell it?
I smell something fishy about this.
[The door creaks open.]
[Party music playing from downstairs.]
[The music changes
to a suspension music.]
[Looking into bag.]
[An excited shriek.]
[Sniffing.]
[Putting hand on pants, sniffing.]
[Footsteps on stairs approaching.]
[Horror sound effect]
[The door creaks open.]
[Party music playing from downstairs.]
I had a great night with you, Sara.
[Sara burps.]
Good night.
[Vincent leaves the room.]
[Party music.]
[Horror sound effect]
Where's Sara?
She was so drunk, so I tucked her to bed.
[Suspension music.]
[Party music playing from downstairs.]
[Footsteps on stairs approaching.]
[Horror sound effect]
[Suspension music.]
[The door creaks open.]
Sara?
[Slap on the face.]
[Nina's footsteps approaching.]
[Climax of the suspension music.]
[Dialling out tone.]
[Toilet flushed behind the wall.]
[Door opens.]
[A peaceful song is playing.]
[The phone call cancelled.]
What's wrong?
Tuomas is not answering.
He's probably at the sauna still.
I'll go get him.
Rabbit in the ditch, sits and sleeps,
sits and sleeps. -
Poor rabbit, are you sick, -
Hey!
What's the situation with the car?
- It should be working by the morning.
So we'll be leaving
in the morning then.
[Laughing.]
Cheers.
A rabbit is sitting -
- Tuomas!
[Suspension music.]
[Horror sound effect]
[Emma shouts Tuomas' name; no answer.]
[Emma's footsteps approaching.]
[Stepping on something slimy.]
What the hell?
Should we call the police?
[Horror sound effect]
[Kissing on bare skin.]
[Horror music.]
[A leg hits closet door.]
[Horror sound effect]
[The closet door opens.]
[Someone talking on the phone.]
Is that so? Thanks for your help.
[The phone call ends.]
[Drama music.]
[Emma cries.]
Don't worry, Emma.
The police will take care of this.
[Emma sitting down.]
[Jari sitting down.]
[Emma cries.]
[Emma sobs.]
[The crying ends.]
Can you put it back on?
- No.
[Kissing.]
[Police sirens.]
[A detective/action music.]
Should we have taken more guns with us?
- I was thinking the same thing.
1-2, do you copy?
We copy.
- There's a new alert from the same area. -
Youngsters have been partying and one
of them is now missing. -
Description; about 25-year old, Caucasian man,
180 cm and slim. -
He's wearing a pink shirt
with a vagina figure. -
Please check it out while you're there.
- Roger that.
[The older police officer sniffing.]
[The creature shouting,
the woman screaming.]
[Horror music.]
Let's split up.
[The creature slaps the woman.]
[A romantic music appears.]
[Kissing.]
If only time and place were different -
- I know. I'd fuck myself too.
[The creature growls.]
[Horror music.]
[The creature approaching.]
The vagina!
[The underwear hits on the face.]
[Noisy eating.]
[Police sirens,
detective/action music.]
This is jamming.
- You have the safety on.
Like this.
[Crash,
windshield breaks.]
[Yelling.]
[Action/horror music.]
[The creature growls.]
[Police sirens,
yelling.]
[The car hitting on
a bumpy snowy ground.]
[Yelling.]
[Crash; sirens stop,
music stops.]
[Explosion.]
[Party music playing from downstairs.]
I know what you were doing.
- And I know what you were doing, pervert!
[Suspension music.]
Do you like me?
Well, Jesse-boy?
I think we both have something
we want from each other.
I would appreciate if you didn't tell anyone
about this little moment I had with Sara.
And I think you would appreciate
it if I gave you a little kiss to a cheek.
I want you to take my virginity.
Well, -
you can have a kiss, with tongue. -
And you can touch my breasts too.
Enough?
Okey
[Kissing]
Enough!
You're a man now.
-
If you ever break our deal and tell
Sara or anyone else anything,
you'll be liar and a stupid child.
Not a man.
[Horror sound effect]
[Walking on snow.]
[The creature moaning.]
[The creature masturbating.]
[Horror music starts.]
Pussy!
[The woman screams.]
[The creature growling.]
[Screaming.]
[The woman dropping, screams.]
[Smashing on ground.]
[The horror music ends.]
[The creature growls.]
[Kissing.]
Put a condom on.
- I don't have any. I left them in my room.
Make sure you don't cum inside me.
- I won't.
[Jari is gasping.]
Oops.
Get lost! You fucking monkey!
[Jari walks off.]
Are you absolutely sure?
I saw it.
Thank you, Jesse.
Can I keep these?
[Someone packing nearby.]
[Party music playing from downstairs.]
[Clapping hands.]
Get packing, we're moving out in the morning.
- What if I want to stay?
Then I have to kill you.
I’m not fucking joking.
[Knocking on door.]
[Opening the door.]
What's wrong?
- (Jesse:) Sara is awake.
[Tools clattering.]
[Clattering.]
[Laughing.]
[Clinking of glasses.]
It should be working now.
- Are you sure about that, Mr. White?
[Mise coughs.]
[Laughing.]
What's wrong, Mr. Black?
- Nothing's wrong, Mr. White.
Close your eyes for a minute.
- Okey.
[Jari rattling a box.]
I got laid and Tuomas is missing.
- You did?
[Laughing.]
What do you mean Tuomas is missing? Where?
- What?
Tuomas is missing. I called the cops.
You did what?
[Suspension music.]
What's wrong Mr. Black?
[Banging from the trunk.]
What?
One of us is missing.
- They called the cops.
[A woman screaming outside.]
[Horror music starts.]
[The creature eating Emma.]
[Emma's gasping fades away.]
Dirty pussy!
[Gunshot.]
[Angry roaring.
Pulling trigger; gun is empty.]
[Screaming.]
[The creature roaring.]
[A bloody slam.]
[Lucas yelling in pain.]
Pussy!
Help! Help!
-
[The creature attacks on Jari,
Jari is getting hurt.]
[Blood splatters, yelling.]
[The creature eating genitals,
Jari screaming.]
[Tim screaming.]
[The creature eating Jari,
Jari screaming.]
[Blood splatters,
the horror music stops.]
[Spitting off a piece of genital,
sounding like a slow motion gunshot.]
[The creature roaring,
Jari yelling in pain.]
[Party music playing.]
[Mise and Tim screaming scared.]
[Horror music.]
[Screaming.]
Let's save the booze!
[The door breaks.]
[Sniffing.]
Pussy!
[The creature roars.]
[A bottle breaks.]
[Action/horror music.]
[The creature roaring
from another part of the cabin.]
[The tools clattering
on the floor.]
[The music ends,
party music playing from downstairs.]
[Nina breathing heavily.]
What?
I know.
[The creature roaring and throwing stuff,
party music stops.]
What's going on downstairs?
- lt's after pussy.
So, there's two of you then?
[The creature roaring,
approaching fast from the stairs.]
[The creature hits the door,
Vincent and Sara screaming.]
[Action/horror music.]
Hey, guys!
- Holy shit!
[Lucas yelling in pain.]
[The creature roaring.]
Hurry up!
- I'm trying, it's stuck!
[The creature banging the door
and roaring.]
[The door breaks.]
[The creature roaring.]
[The creature making odd noise.]
Fresh pussy!
[The head smashes on walls.]
[The creature roaring.]
[Sawing.]
Pussy!
- Where's Vincent?
- Dead.
[The creature shouting.]
Let's go under the boat!
- I hate you! -
You fucking bitch!
I fucking hate you!
Go!
Get in the car, quick!
- Go go go!
[Action/horror music.]
[Mise honks accidentally.]
Go go go! Drive drive drive!
[Starting the engine.]
35 kilometers left.
- Shit.
Shit.
[Heavy breaking.]
[Tim and Mise yelling.]
[The creature growling.]
Pussy!
[Smashing on Lucas.]
[Mise shouting.]
[The creature growling,
Lucas yelling in pain.]
[The car speeding away,
[The creature grunting.]
[The creature roaring.]
[Action/horror music.]
[A glorious music.]
[Wow.]
[The door opens,
the glorious music stops.]
[Suspension music.]
Are you stealing my beers?
- Yep.
OK.
[Clashing on floor.]
[The women breathing heavily.]
Let's get out of here.
Now!
- Shh bitch.
[Big impact.]
[Mouth watering noises from the creature.]
Pussy.
[Suspension music.]
[Vincent moaning while moving.]
[Juicy eating by the creature.]
[Horror sound effect]
Hurry up, give me a can.
[Can smashing.]
[The creature growls.]
Another one!
Let's get back to cabin!
[Can smashes into Vincent,
blood splatter.]
[Choking.]
[Sniffing.]
Pussy!
[Vincent choking,
blood splatters.]
[Horror sound effect]
[Horror music ends.]
[The creature shouting nearby.]
[Heavy breathing by the women.]
[Horror sound effect]
Pussy!
[Nina screaming,
horror music starts.]
[Nina's head crushing on ground.]
[The creature growls.]
[The creature's evil laughing.]
[The creature starts to rape Nina.]
[Sara screaming.]
[The creature raping Nina.]
[A strong roar by the creature.]
[The creature roaring and moving away.]
[Horror music ends.]
[Horror sound effect]
[The creature shouting.]
[Horror music starts.]
[Sara screaming.]
[The creature roaring.]
[The creature hitting on car heavily.]
[The creature rattling car
while it is speeding away.]
[The creature shouting.]
[The creature growling.]
[Horror music changes to
a suspension music.]
What are you doing?
- I'm calling the police.
Like fuck you are!
- What the fuck?
Relax, Mr. White.
I think this is over.
After one kilometer turn left.
- Shit.
Give me that.
[Banging from the trunk.]
[The banging continues.]
What is in the trunk?
Tell me what is in the trunk!
What the fuck is in the trunk?
- Mind your own fucking business!
Fuck you! What is in the trunk?
[Suspension music gets more louder.]
[Mise yells in pain.]
[Horror sound effect]
[Banging from the trunk.]
What is in the trunk?
- Fine!
[Banging from the trunk.]
[A car burning nearby.]
[A car door shuts.]
[Banging from the trunk.]
Open the trunk.
Open it!
[Female mumbling from the trunk.]
[Horror sound effect]
You have Lara Jessica Svensson
in the trunk.
[Suspension music.]
Listen, Mr. White.
- You are very bad, bad, bad person Mr. Black!
[The woman mumbling aggressively.]
[The chains rattling.]
[The woman moaning.]
You fucking asshole.
[A slap on Tim.]
Do you have any idea what it feels
to be locked up, in the cold -
without food and being
drugged all the time?
I’m sorry! Lucas only hired us
to take you somewhere. Look.
1.1 kilometer to your destination.
- lt's right behind the corner, Mr. Black.
Please turn around.
[Tim shuts the navigator.]
[Car approaching and slows down.]
Sara!
[Heroic music.]
Mise!
[Climax of the heroic music.]
If you ever touch me again, I will make sure
that your BBC will lose the first B!
Is that Lara Jessica Svensson?
- Yep.
[The creature growling nearby.]
[Horror music.]
Oh my god, it's here.
[Sniffing.]
What the hell.
- Pussy!
[The creature yelling.]
[Lara Jessica Svensson
screaming.]
[Whirling sound goes
into slow motion.]
[Slow motion: the creature roars.]
[Slow motion: a rising horror music.]
[Whirling sound increases back to normal speed.]
[Horror music.]
[Sara yelling.]
[Mise yelling.]
[The creature roaring, Sara yelling.]
[Tim yells aggressively.]
[The creature hits Tim with elbow.]
[The creature roars massively.]
[Grabbing on the creature's penis.]
[Action/horror music.]
[Fighting noises.]
Get down.
[Yelling, fighting noises.]
[The creature growls in pain.]
[The creature's penis tears off.]
[The creature yells in great pain.]
[Blood splatters.]
[Sara stands up.]
[Suspension music.]
[Sare yells aggressively.]
[A huge smash on the creature's face.]
[Orchestral version of 'Little Rabbit
in your Burrow' starts.]
[A huge swipe on the creature's face.]
[Sara yells aggressively.]
[The penis smashing into eye.]
[The music ends.]
[A huge dramatic sound effect
of legs hitting ground.]
[The car burning nearby.]
[The creature squealing.]
[Reloading shotgun.]
[Electric noise from tazers.]
[Sara yells.]
[Horror sound effect]
[Sniffing.]
[Suspension music.]
[Horror sound effect]
Come here!
Tell me, you fucking moron,
which one of them is Lara Jessica Svensson?
It's the blond -
The clients will be here any minute! We are
missing one Swedish pop star, it's your fault!
Sonny!
On your knees!
On your fucking knees!
Mouth open!
[The unmasked man holding back a cry.]
[The music becomes dramatic and oppressive.]
[The music climaxes.]
[Gunshot. Body collapses on the floor.]
[The hostages try to speak.]
[Suspension music.]
Go to hell!
[Sara tries to speak.]
[Panting.]
[Squeaky door opens.]
[Sara tries to speak.]
Where's Lara Jessica Svensson?
It's blond one.
[Sara mumbling aggressively.]
[Suspension music becomes more intensive.]
Well, -
let's get started then. Chair.
[Suspension music ends.]
[Setting up folding chair.]
Carrot.
[Suspension music.]
[Horror music.]
[Sara yells aggressively.]
[The disco ball gets broken.]
[Mise yells aggressively.]
[A big impact on Mise's face.]
[Screaming and yelling.]
[Mise strangling Sonny.]
[Horror/action music.]
[Gunshot.]
[Battling noises, Sonny gets choked.]
[Big impact.]
[The client falls on the floor.]
[Screaming and yelling.]
[The other client starts to cry.]
[Tim yelling.]
[Tim's chair cracks.]
[Loud collision.]
[The client crying.]
[Tim yelling.]
[The chair breaks.]
[The client crying.]
[The music stops.]
[A victorious music appears.]
[Loud impact.]
[The music stops.]
[Tim grunts.]
[The client crying.]
Rot in hell you retarded bastard!
[Kick.]
[The client crying.]
Are you OK, Mr. White?
[Untying Mise.]
[The client crying.]
I’m going to save the rabbit.
[The client crying inside.]
[A gunshot. The crying stops.]
[Suspension/action music.]
[Moaning, yelling and battling
noises nearby.]
[Footsteps on snow.]
[The moaning and battling noises intensifies.]
[Battling and yelling.]
[Action/horror music.]
[The creatures roaring.]
[A shotgun reloads.]
[Suspension music.]
[Tim growls, reloading the shotgun.]
[Gunshots.]
[Action music.]
[Gunshots, hitting on people and the creatures.]
[Screaming, yelling in pain.]
[Gunshot.]
[Suffering noises.]
[Suspension music.]
Fuck!
[The man running away.]
[Gunshot. Blood splatters.]
[The music ends.]
[Sara breaths intensively.]
[A heroic adventure/action music.]
[Horror sound effect]
[Growling. Smegma dropping on snow.]
Pussy! Pussy!
Cock!
[Slimy noises from the vagina.]
[Horror sound effect, music stops.]
[Heavy metal song.]
[The heavy metal song ends.]
[The same Swedish EDM song starts.]
[The song ends.]
[Jesse walking.]
[Odd windy sound effect.]
[Exotic and enigmatic music.]
[Mystical sound effect.]
[Sleighbell jingles when the man walks.]
[A fire nearby.]
[Enigmatic suspension music.]
[Door opens.]
He is Nietsnut.
[Door closes.]
We have been waiting for you.
We have been waiting for you, Nietsnut.
I have been saving my virginity for you,
our hero Nietsnut.
[Glory music starts.]
[Jesse groans.]
[The glory music ends.]